notes.md, before:

# Installation
```bash
sudo apt-get install espeak-ng -y
sudo apt update -y
sudo apt-get install git-lfs -y
git lfs install
git clone https://huggingface.co/hexgrad/Kokoro-82M kokoro_swan -y
cd kokoro_swam
/usr/bin/python3.12 -m venv .kokoro_venv
source .kokoro_venv/bin/activate
```
```python
#pip install torch torchvision torchaudio --index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cpu
#pip uninstall torch torchvision torchaudio -y
pip install --pre torch torchvision torchaudio --index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/nightly/cpu
pip install phonemizer transformers scipy munch
```

# Issues
- the `torch` stable `cpu` only doesn't work as it seems like it doesn't implement the `weights_only` feature, that is why i have installed a `nightly` version which has more `experiemental` features and it worked fine. `CHATGPT` has been *'S*****'* on that. I checked Google/Youtube(also Google lol) and found the solution.
- need to install `git lfs` (large file size), I have omitted that and got some issues. so install it `sudo apt install git-lfs -y`

Commit message:

have fied some bugs, now voice can be heard and it matches tet displayed and also all voices are taken into account more choices. static folder created to store dynamic file that would be red, at every generation it is updated with new text, give it some time to update

notes.md, after:

# Installation
```bash
sudo apt-get install espeak-ng -y
sudo apt update -y
sudo apt-get install git-lfs -y
sudo apt-get install ffmpeg -y # to check debug `.wav` files
git lfs install
git clone https://huggingface.co/hexgrad/Kokoro-82M kokoro_swan -y
cd kokoro_swam
/usr/bin/python3.12 -m venv .kokoro_venv
source .kokoro_venv/bin/activate
```
```python
#pip install torch torchvision torchaudio --index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cpu
#pip uninstall torch torchvision torchaudio -y
pip install --pre torch torchvision torchaudio --index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/nightly/cpu
pip install phonemizer transformers scipy munch soundfile
```

# Issues
- the `torch` stable `cpu` only doesn't work as it seems like it doesn't implement the `weights_only` feature, that is why i have installed a `nightly` version which has more `experiemental` features and it worked fine. `CHATGPT` has been *'S*****'* on that. I checked Google/Youtube(also Google lol) and found the solution.
- need to install `git lfs` (large file size), I have omitted that and got some issues. so install it `sudo apt install git-lfs -y`
- Got it to work but couldn't hear anything: had to authorize the autoplay in my browser and install `ffmeg` to test if I can hear the `.wav` file saved in the `static` folder. Had finally to install `soundfile`
